[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
THE CHIPS ARE DOWN
[indistinct chatter]
-[Ulrich] Hey everybody!
-Wow, that's a tough break!
You gotta be kidding!
Unfortunately, I'm not!
Hey, what's going on here?
I wish I could do something, Yumi.
-[Yumi] That's really nice of you, Aelita.
-[Ulrich] Hey…
Would somebody tell me what's going on?
Look, we'll talk more about it
after class, OK?
-[bell ringing]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Ulrich grunts and gasps]
[Ulrich] Don't mind me.
Keep making like I don't exist, OK?
[teacher] Remember…
Say that again.
Yumi's father lost his job.
They're thinking of going back
to Japan so they can find work.
[Ulrich] You've gotta be kidding!
[Jeremy]
It's not for sure yet, so don't panic.
What? Yumi's leaving?
We may never see her again?
And I shouldn't panic?
You know what?
There is an easy solution.
Oh yeah? What?
Well, you see, if you marry Yumi,
then she can get a green card.
Very funny.
[Odd] Just trying to lighten things up.
[Italian teacher] Vuoi qualcosa?
-Do you want something?
-[Ulrich] Per favore, signore Caggia…
-Sì, Ulrich?
-Could I please go to the infirmary?
I'm not feeling very well.
[grunts]
[English teacher] In Moby Dick, Melbourne
uses the literary technique…
-[gasps]
-…of a character in the novel speaking--
-[Yumi] Excuse me ma'am.
-[English teacher] Yes, Yumi?
[Yumi] Could I please go to the Infirmary?
[Ulrich groans]
[theme music]
Why can't you stay at the school
as a border?
And you could go to Japan
during summer vacation!
Are you kidding?
My parents would never go for that.
And what's more, they need me.
Isn't it supposed to be
the other way around?
-What if--
-Ulrich,
it's nice of you
to try to find a solution,
but nothing has been settled.
There might not be anything
to worry about.
I know. Why don't we write
to our congressman to ask for help?
Sure, why not the President
while you're at it?
Hmm…
-[radio on]
-Are you ready for dinner?
[Ulrich] You go on, I'll see you there.
Dear Mr. President, I'm writing
to you about a young girl named Yumi.
Yumi is an amazing person.
She is originally from Japan,
but she really likes our country.
-[radio on]
-What a load of garbage!
Dear Mister President…
Would you be quiet? Can't you see
I'm trying to concentrate?
[announcer] Remember, folks,
this week's super jackpot
-is 30 million big ones.
-Hmm?
And now that big bonus number…
Fourteen.
Two times lucky seven, fourteen. Anyway--
[announcer] Remember, folks,
this week's super jackpot
is 30 million big ones.
No, I couldn't do that.
It wouldn't be right.
[Mr. Ishiyama chewing]
Did you go back to see the temp agencies?
I haven't had time.
Too bad.
They might have had something for you…
I mean to tide us over
until we return to Kyoto.
There's nothing out there for me.
There are too many people in my field.
You know that very well.
Anyway, if you don't look,
you'll certainly won't find anything.
[Mr. Ishiyama grunts]
Will you stop it now?
What about you,
did you go to the temp agencies today?
-Huh?
-[Mrs. Ishiyama gasps and grunts]
[sighs]
[growls and barks]
He isn't in our room.
I don't know where he is.
I get the feeling that Ulrich is taking
this situation even harder than we are.
You can say that again.
For Ulrich, losing Yumi is…
Well…
Imagine how you'd feel
if Jeremy had to leave!
Mmm… Why do you say that?
-'Cause I love making you blush!
-[Jeremy grunts]
[indistinct chatter]
Wait… what just happened?
Why did we return to the past?
[Yumi] Could XANA have taken control
of the back-in-time function?
-He's done it before!
-No way!
I made a special program so he couldn't!
[Jeremy] The Superscan doesn't show
any active towers.
This is really weird.
I'll go to the factory
after class and check it out.
[indistinct chatter]
-[Ulrich] Here you go.
-Hmm… You do know
that you're not really old enough
to play, young man?
Oh, It's for my mom!
She asked me to buy it for her.
[man] Oh, well, in that case…
[chuckles]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Ulrich, we're gonna check out
things at the factory after class.
About the jump back in time,
are you coming?
[Ulrich] No, I…
I have to… study for chemistry.
Hey, mind if I study with you?
I don't get
Mendeleev's periodic table at all!
[Ulrich] I'd rather study by myself.
[gasps]
[Ulrich] Well… I know you're going
to think this is ridiculous…
But I heard you had some problems
with work and everything and…
And I thought… Well…
I bought you a lottery ticket!
You never know… Maybe you'll be lucky.
Then you could stay here with Yumi.
[laughs]
I'm sorry, son.
But you have to admit
that it is very funny.
[Mr. Ishiyama]
Do you know the odds of winning the lotto?
[chuckles]
At least you made me laugh.
That's something I need right now.
[laughs]
Anyway, it was very nice of you, Ulrich.
We're really touched.
Don't forget to listen for the numbers!
And please don't tell Yumi
that I gave it to you.
She might take it the wrong way!
-[radio on]
-That Ulrich is such a sweetheart!
Yes. Only he doesn't realize that we have
one chance in 14 million of ever winning!
[announcer]
Now, once again, today's lotto results.
The winning numbers for today's
super jackpot draw are
six… twenty-two…
-Huh?
-[announcer] …ten… forty-seven…
thirteen… thirty-seven…
and the bonus number is…
-[announcer] Fourteen.
-[Mr. Ishiyama] I can't believe it.
-[Yumi] Hey, there. What's going on?
-[gasps]
[gasps]
This is the winning ticket!
-The jackpot!
-[Hiroki] What's a jackpot?
[gasps]
It's incredible.
You played lotto?
But I thought you hated gambling.
-[Mr. Ishiyama clears his throat]
-Actually…
it was your friend Ulrich who played!
And he gave us the ticket!
He didn't want you to know.
[grunts]
[theme music]
I don't get it.
XANA had nothing to do with it.
It's as if someone had set off
the return to the past from here.
Except that I'm the only one
who knows how to do it.
Unless… someone read your manual.
Why do you say that?
Hmm…
-Hi.
-Hi, Ulrich.
You know, I'm really impressed
with your computer skills!
Who, me? You are?
Well, you did enter the code for returning
to the past into the computer
without making a single mistake!
Well done.
-[Ulrich] What are you talking about?
-Don't waste your breath!
We know it was you who set off
the return to the past!
You broke rule number one, Ulrich!
I can't believe it.
I only did it for Yumi.
So you can stay.
I didn't ask for your help.
Do you realize what you've done, Ulrich?
You know that going back in time
makes XANA stronger!
Why didn't you talk to us first, huh?
-Why did you have to go sneaking around?
-I'm sorry.
[Jeremy] It's too late for sorry.
You betrayed our trust!
Here. You can keep your dumb ticket!
My parents think
you should keep the money.
-[Ulrich gasps]
-As of now and until you hear otherwise,
you're out of the group, Ulrich!
I hope this will all work out.
-[groans]
-[Sissi] Hey, what's up, Ulrich?
-You don't look too good.
-[Ulrich] You're right.
-And when I see you, it just gets worse!
-Hmm?
That'll teach me to be nice to people.
Sissi, wait…
-I apologize!
-[Sissi whimpers]
I'm just a little edgy.
I really don't understand
what she sees in him.
You said it. He's sure no match
for my looks or my brains.
[chuckles softly]
Hmm… You think you're handsome, huh?
No more than you think you're smart.
I dare you to say that again!
-[grunting]
-[punch]
[mechanical footsteps]
[robotic roar]
[Nicolas gasps]
[both grunting]
-[grunts]
-[door closes]
-[electricity crackles]
-Hmm?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Mr. Fumey] Africa is the continent
that suffers most
from problems related
to a shortage of water.
And rural areas of Africa are affected
to an even greater extent.
Less than half of all rural zones
have any access to water…
Wow! When I think how much
we complain all the time.
[Mr. Fumey]
…has access to sanitary systems…
[computer chirping]
-XANA has launched and attacked.
-[gasps] What?
We have less than a minute left of class.
We're going to the factory
as soon as the belt rings.
-[Odd] Without Ulrich?
-Without Ulrich.
[growling softly]
[bell rings]
-See you next week then.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Herb] Hey, Nicolas!
-And don't forget your project reports
on your own ideas
for helping African communities.
[theme music]
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy through computer]
Transfer Aelita. Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Odd.
[computer blipping]
[Jeremy through computer] Scanner Odd.
Scanner Aelita.
Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization!
[all grunt]
[groans]
-[gasps]
-Hmm…
[computer keys clatter]
-[computer chirping]
-[Jeremy] Here come your vehicles.
Madame, would you do me the honor
of climbing aboard my humble board?
[chuckles]
[groans and grunts]
[Jeremy through computer] The activated
tower is located two plateaus North.
OK, let's go!
[Odd] Yeah!
No monsters on the horizon
for the time-being!
[Yumi through computer]
It's not monsters I'm worried about.
It's XANA attacking on Earth.
We still don't know
what he's got in store for us this time!
Yeah, well, I'd rather we deactivated
the tower before we find out.
Hmm…
-Huh?
-[growls in distorted voice]
-[Jeremy grunts] No!
-[Nicolas growls]
[Jeremy grunts and screams]
[growls]
[sighs]
[Nicolas in distorted voice]
It's your orders, XANA.
[mechanical footsteps]
Look! Over there, a crab.
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[growling]
Are my eyes playing tricks on me
or are there at least 20 of them?
Yumi, there aren't any mirages on Lyoko!
That's what I was afraid of.
By the way, thanks for warning us, Jeremy!
Jeremy?
[Nicolas]
Now your wounds will become fatal.
[laughing evilly]
[Nicolas laughing through computer]
Jeremy, was that you? Answer me, will you?
That wasn't Jeremy. I'd recognize
that laugh anywhere!
-It's Nicolas.
-Nicolas? Are you sure?
Nobody else has a laugh that dumb.
No one in the whole universe.
Watch out! The crabs!
We'd better get out of here fast.
-[gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting and screaming]
[grunts]
Yumi!
-[Yumi groaning]
-[Odd gasps]
-Yumi, are you OK?
-I don't understand.
Why does it hurt so much?
Shouldn't I just lose some life points?
-Something's wrong at the factory.
-Odd, the crabs!
We're gonna have to take cover.
[theme music]
[grunting]
[Sissi] You're even more handsome
when you train.
Sissi, I think I'd rather be alone.
Are you crazy? That's the last thing
you need when you're feeling down.
It's just the opposite,
you need your friends to be there.
[groans]
I don't have friends anymore.
-What about me?
-[grunts]
-What does that make me then?
Ah, Sissi, there you are.
I've been looking all over for you.
Yeah? Well, pretend I'm not here
and keep on looking!
-Huh?
-Why don't you go out
and play with your friend Nicolas.
I would but I can't find Nicolas either.
He ran off like a madman after class
to follow Jeremy, Odd and the new girl.
-He was really spaced out.
-[grunts]
[Herb] His voice sounded weird
and there was something strange
about his eyes.
XANA.
Why are you telling me all this?
I don't care.
-Can you see I'm with Ulrich?
-Well, not anymore, you're not.
Huh?
[Odd] I'll go and check it out.
[groans]
[grunts]
[mechanical footsteps]
[lasers blasting]
We'd better move, otherwise…
[grunts and screams]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Wow! That really does hurt.
[moans]
[groans]
My turn.
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[gasps]
[ethereal music]
[growling]
It won't take them long
to find a way around.
[Ulrich] Jeremy?
[gasps]
[Nicolas in distorted voice]
Maybe I'm the one you're looking for?
Mmm…
-[Nicolas screams]
-[Ulrich grunts]
Wow, since when have you
become an athlete? I don't believe it.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
Huh?
-[Nicolas groaning]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich] Come on, Spiderman!
Hold on, I'm not out yet.
[growling]
[panting]
-[computer blipping]
-[grunts]
[electricity crackles]
[screams]
Jeremy, wake up, will you?
You gotta get up!
Hey! Hi, Ulrich. How are you?
Jeremy! Pull yourself together!
I need your help.
Because I'm not feeling so great…
[mechanical footsteps]
Odd… Yumi… Aelita… Can you hear me?
[Ulrich through computer]
Answer me, will you?
Ulrich, is that you?
[Ulrich through computer]
Ah, great, you're alive!
Yeah, but not in great shape.
What about Jeremy?
He's also in pretty bad shape.
I don't get it,
there's nothing on the screens.
[Yumi through computer] That must be why
the fire from XANA's monsters
hurts us for real.
[mechanical footsteps]
What was that noise?
-[Aelita groans]
-[Odd gasps]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita gasps]
[growling]
[Aelita] That's just what I was afraid of.
The crabs have broken
through the sand wall.
I'm really sorry about this, Jeremy,
but it's for a good cause.
Oh, sweet! What's going on?
[Odd]
OK, this is no time to drag your feet!
[moans]
Nicolas has deactivated the scanner.
I should be able to fix it pretty fast.
-Jeremy, I wanted to tell you--
-Later!
-Head for the scanner and get ready.
-[gasps]
[mechanical footsteps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[all grunting]
-[Jeremy] Come on!
-[growling]
-[laser blasting]
-[Yumi screams]
Yumi, no!
[Yumi grunts]
Yes!
-[Yumi grunts]
-Yeah! We're invincible again!
[grunts]
[Jeremy through computer] Hold on!
I'm sending you Ulrich!
Jeremy!
[computer chirping]
Transfer Ulrich!
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
[Jeremy through computer] Scanner Ulrich!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd grunting]
Laser arrow!
Virtualization!
-[lasers blasting]
-[all grunting]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Yumi grunts]
[all grunting]
Hi, guys.
Didn't miss me too much, did you?
[gasps]
Just a little, yeah!
Yeah! But those guys aren't gonna
keep missing us if we stick around.
[electricity crackles]
[grunts]
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy] Your vehicles are on the way!
They could come in handy!
OK, great. Now, all we have to do
is cross the line of monsters!
You and Yumi may as well go over the top.
And what about you?
I'll do what I do best…
Chef's surprise!
[groans]
Come on, Aelita. We haven't much time.
[both groan]
-[both groan]
-They've really lost it this time.
No more than you have.
Come on, let's go.
[Aelita gasps]
[grunts]
-[engines revive]
-[Ulrich yells]
[Ulrich grunts]
[pants]
[Yumi yells]
[Odd grunts]
They're never gonna make it.
Oh, no.
Another row of those guys.
[lasers blasting]
[engines revive]
[Ulrich grunts]
Stop moving around so much.
How do you expect me to help you?
Cut me some slack, OK?
I'm just trying to avoid getting hit.
[grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd groans]
[grunts]
[Ulrich grunts]
Now!
Jeremy, I think we've done it.
Ulrich, you're the greatest!
[Odd through computer] Hey, what about me?
Don't I get any credit?
[Aelita pants]
[ethereal music]
-[grunts]
-[Nicolas laughs evilly]
[beeping]
[grunts in fear]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Nicolas groans]
-[Nicolas screams]
-[Jeremy chokes]
-[Jeremy screams]
-[Nicolas grunts]
[computer blipping]
Tower deactivated.
-[electricity crackles]
-[Jeremy screams]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Nicolas grunts and gasps]
-[Jeremy panting]
-[Nicolas grunts]
You say this is how he was
when you found him?
Yeah, in the middle of the campus.
-[grunts]
-That's very strange.
He must have fainted.
Nothing serious in any case.
I know you did it for me, Ulrich.
-But I should have asked you first.
-[Yumi] Right.
I'm sorry.
-So are you back in the group?
-Hmm… Looks like it.
Hey, what are you going to do
with that lottery ticket?
I thought about it and I decided
to give it to an association
that builds wells in Africa.
-Really? That's a great idea.
-[phone rings]
Yes? Yes, Mom, I'm listening…
Uh-huh. Ah!
All right. See you tonight!
My father's found work with Takahashi!
Takahashi?
You mean, in Japan?
No silly, right here.
-[Ulrich gasps]
-[all] Yeah!
[all laughing]
[theme music]